Fixes #9752: Document stopping process before Postgres restore maintenance to avoid primary key constrain get corrupted (#1032)
Normation/rudder-doc: src/reference/modules/installation/pages/upgrade/postgresql.adoc

This documentation is about Debian and derived distributions since it is usual to upgrade major versions with them.
On RHEL and SLES, it is recommended to reinstall the system, this documentation is then not needed. If you need it, please ask.

[CAUTION]

====

> Before performing any upgrade, make sure to *disable those services*, by disabling rudder agent *first* to be

Reviewer: you need an empty line before here

sure that it will not enable rudder-relayd and rudder-jetty back

1. `rudder agent disable`
2. `systemctl stop rudder-relayd rudder-jetty`

> Upgrading PostgreSQL without disabling these service can lead to inconsistencies and breaks some constraints on the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading PostgreSQL without disabling these service can lead to inconsistencies and might break constraints within the database schema.
```

This documentation is about Debian and derived distributions since it is usual to upgrade major versions with them.
On RHEL and SLES, it is recommended to reinstall the system, this documentation is then not needed. If you need it, please ask.

[CAUTION]

====

> Before perform any upgrade, make sure to *disable those services*, by disabling rudder agent *first* to be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before performing any upgrade, make sure to *disable those services*, by disabling rudder agent *first* to be
```

sure that it will not enable rudder-relayd and rudder-jetty back

1. `rudder agent disable`

> 2. `systemctl stop rudder-relayd`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. `systemctl stop rudder-relayd rudder-jetty`
```

> 3. `systemctl stop rudder-jetty`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
